Contributing and checking commits (#13)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: CONTRIBUTING.md

newline that seperates the directive from the content block:

```
.. figure:: /images/buildroot_menuconfig.png
   :height: 600
   :width: 800

   Buildroot Menuconfig

```

### Variable usage

There are a number of predefined variables available that are dynamically set
based on the platform config. These variables should be used wherever possible.
These variables can be found in the "Replacement Variables" section of the
platform configs, or in the temporary file placed at `source/_replacevars.rst`
during the build process.

### Ifconfigs

The way we handle multiple platform sections without a lot of duplication is by
conditionally dropping sections that do not match the active platform. This is
acheived through the the use of the [ifconfig
directive](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/ifconfig.html).
Not all parsers will respect this directive, so be sure to try compiling the
documentation for a platform that matches the ifconfig prior to submitting a PR.

## Licensing

Scripts and other code specific additions should be licensed MIT, with the below
header and copyright notice placed in a comment near the top of the file.

```text
SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

> Copyright (C) 2024 Texas Instruments Incorporated - https://www.ti.com

Reviewer: This makes sense only for contributors who are from TI. We just need to insist on MIT license for redistribution. If other devs contribute using their personal copyrights, we should be fine. We do not need copyright attribution to TI.

```

All other files inherit the generic CC-BY-SA-4.0 license and do not require an
explicit license / copyright notice.

## Fighting workflows

The workflows are here to help, but occasionally they can raise false positives.

> In such an event, please ping a reviewer and explain why the failure should be

Reviewer: Explain an example, please.

Directives that take parameters should place their parameters prior to the
newline that separates the directive from the content block:

```
.. figure:: /images/buildroot_menuconfig.png
   :height: 600
   :width: 800

   Buildroot Menuconfig

```

### Variable usage

There are a number of predefined variables available that are dynamically set
based on the platform config. These variables should be used wherever possible.
These variables can be found in the "Replacement Variables" section of the
platform configs, or in the temporary file placed at `source/_replacevars.rst`
during the build process.

### Ifconfigs

The way we handle multiple platform sections without a lot of duplication is by
conditionally dropping sections that do not match the active platform. This is
achieved through the use of the [ifconfig
directive](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/ifconfig.html).
Not all parsers will respect this directive, so be sure to try compiling the
documentation for a platform that matches the ifconfig prior to submitting a PR.

## Licensing

### Community

Scripts and other code specific additions should be licensed MIT. Other

> modifications should be CC-BY-SA-4.0.

Reviewer: I hate doing this, but let me try it:

```
Scripts and other code-specific additions should be licensed as `MIT <https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html>`_ using the `SPDX short identifiers <https://spdx.dev/learn/handling-license-info/>`_. Other additions or modifications should be CC-BY-SA-4.0.
```

Author: Ha, that's rst syntax, but I get your point.

### TI Employees

Scripts and other code specific additions should be licensed MIT, with the below

> header and copyright notice placed in a comment near the top of the file.

Reviewer: In addition to the community guidelines, TI employees are expected to explicitly assign license to TI as in the example below:

# Contributing to processor-sdk-doc

## Commit formatting

The main requirements are that commits contain a reasonable commit message and
are correctly Signed-Off-By you, the contributor, prior to opening a PR.

Most commit subjects contain the name of the file being modified, but this is
not strictly enforced.

Please see the following for additional resources on commit formatting:
https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/

## Project structure

This project uses reStructuredText (reST or RST) for generating standard HTML
from the given source files and configs. For more information on how to get
started with reStructuredText, see:

 - https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/index.html
 - https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/index.html

RST source files and other build assets are listed under the `source/`
directory.

Build configuration files that hold platform specific variables are under the
`configs/` directory.

Scripts to verify source files and generally lint the documents are under the
`bin/` directory.

The container build tools are listed under the `docker/` directory.

> Other directories contain sphinx specific overrides that help massage the above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other directories contain sphinx specific overrides that helps the above
```

@StaticRocket  Seems like you are planning for a massage over the weekend 😉

newline that separates the directive from the content block:

```
.. figure:: /images/buildroot_menuconfig.png
   :height: 600
   :width: 800

   Buildroot Menuconfig

```

### Variable usage

There are a number of predefined variables available that are dynamically set
based on the platform config. These variables should be used wherever possible.
These variables can be found in the "Replacement Variables" section of the
platform configs, or in the temporary file placed at `source/_replacevars.rst`
during the build process.

### Ifconfigs

The way we handle multiple platform sections without a lot of duplication is by
conditionally dropping sections that do not match the active platform. This is
achieved through the use of the [ifconfig
directive](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/ifconfig.html).
Not all parsers will respect this directive, so be sure to try compiling the
documentation for a platform that matches the ifconfig prior to submitting a PR.

## Licensing

### Community

Scripts and other code specific additions are preferred to be licensed MIT.
Other licenses are acceptable so long as they do not conflict with the existing

> MIT and CC-BY-SA-4.0 definitions.

Reviewer: Just keep it simple, we are not lawyers - just MIT and CC-BY-SA-4.0 which the TI lawyers are OK with. we don't want to get into a debate at the point of a PR as to what license conflicts with which one etc..
